<!-- List down the prompts used in ChatGPT -->
I need to Create a web page named DigiDelights that offers an engaging experience for users interested in exploring interesting number trivia. Users should be able to input a number, and the application should fetch captivating facts about that number from the `http://numbersapi.com/{number}` API. When the user enters a date in the mm/dd format, the application should fetch captivating facts about that date from the `http://numbersapi.com/{month}/{date}/date` API Moreover, users should have the ability to save their preferred trivia tidbits in a JSON format via the `http://localhost:3000/trivia` API for later access. Use bootstrap and axios to create the webpage, and a button called "Save Trivia" to save the information with the description, in which the description is entered by the user. Write Html, CSS and JavaScript in different files. For displaying result, it should generate a table and also text box for saving description. It should have a navigation bar at the top with a heading called "Interesting Numbers", below that it should have a small heading of "Know Interesting Facts of Numbers and Dates", below that the user enters a number or date at beside it should have button of "Get Trivia", below that the user enters the description and below there should be a button of "Save Trivia".


The Heading named "Interesting Numbers" is aligned at left, i need it in center and the small heading is aligned at center i need it left side. The form is also center and i need it in left side, the button named get trivia is not beside of the form. I need you to add a footer with social media icons and copyright information

I need two headers for the table. Those are the number/date we have given and other one is trivia. I need you to write the code if we enter more trivia one by one, the result should be displayed one by one in the table. It is getting refreshed everytime