Create a home page by using angular materials which includes header and footer. In header, at left aligned it should have logo and name and at right aligned it should have navigating names of home, products, cart, admin and signIn. In footer, at left aligned it should have social media icons of whatsapp, instagram, twitter, telegram and pinterest and at right aligned it should have copyright information. In home page, it should have some information of the company "Milk In Minutes". I need header,footer and home page in 3 components and make sure all to combine in 1 component. Use bootstrap if needed

In the header, by clicking on the Products navigator, it should redirect to product page. Create a product page using angular materials, which includes products name, category, sizes, prices, description and image. The details should fetch from Products object. I have the product details on products.json file. In that page, at left aligned i need a category for filtering the products by category and a search bar and at left aligned i need the products to be displayed with 2 columns per row

I said in left aligned, there should be a search bar and a filter for filtering the products by category, the filter should be below the search bar. At right aligned, i need the products of 2 per row. Show even description of the product. Try to add size of the product as a dropdown, so that the customers can select their respective size, the placeholder should be as "Select Size". The price of the product should display as per the size and the option how many quantities the user need. Try to add a button of "Add to Cart" below the size dropdown. Strictly, i need the products right aligned with 2 products per row. Try to use bootstrap. Add the functionality of that button in angular materials so that the user can able to change the quantity, add or remove product from cart. A snackbar should be shown if the user added the product in cart successfully. Use necessary mat-icons

When the product is added to cart when clicked on addtoCart button, it should display as the product is added to cart successfully

On clicking the cart on header, the cart.component should open. write the angular material code to create html file and should product name, description, size, price and image and total price of all the products based on quantity of each product. Finally a button to place order should be in the end.

The product images in the cart is very big, make it small. The size, price of the product is not showing cart. I want to show only the selected size and price of the customer in the cart. Try to display these details like a table. At left aligned, it should be a table with headers of product image, name, size, price, quantity and total amount. The product description should be below the product name. At right aligned, i need overall total amount and the button of place order. Try to make currency in Rupees

Create a signin and signup page using angular materials. In signin page, it should contain email and password and a option if the user doesn't have the account they can sign up. In signup page, it should have a Name, Email, Address, Password and a option of user has already an account they can sign in. For placing the order, the user should definetely have an account. If signedup, the data should store in users.json. If they are signing in, it should check data from users.json. You can use guarding. Send all html,ts. If using servive or guarding send the code too. Try to implement all the logic. Above the forms of signin and signup there should be website logo. Use only bootstrap . Don't use Mat Logic. Send all the code by implementing logic

When signed up, the user details are not storing in users.json . Make sure once signed up it should store details in users.json

Now i need to show the orders to the admin. The details should be created in a table with product name, size, quantity, total price and customer name. Write the html code, ts implement all the logic and send. The order details should fetch from orders.json